hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
for another video and today I'm gonna
share with you guys a day in my life
during my exam charm at university now
obviously I'm spending that term at home
thanks to the pandemic so the first
thing I do in the morning is I change
because otherwise I will ride back into
my bed next I didn't quickly make my bed
because I know otherwise I will
nonetheless fall back into it which is
absolutely what we don't want and then I
go to the bathroom and I just quickly
clean my face and then I put in some
serum I like to think that it helps with
my acne I'm not really sure if it
actually does and then I also put in
some face cream and I like to do that
before making breakfast so that he can
sink in a little and I went upstairs to
make myself some scrambled eggs for
breakfast and this is something actually
is all about being home during exam term
because in university I would go to the
library super early and then I just
didn't feel like I have the time to go
back to the kitchen but now I do
and yet once I eat my breakfast item
went back downstairs to turn his sleepy
version of me into a 1 which looks more
awake and wears concealer and then I
also use my dear to round which is from
native plate if it's the amazing sponsor
of today's video they make natural
deodorant and the most amazing thing
about them is that they leave you
feeling hydrated which is something I've
never really had the video right before
the sensors at me was coconut and
vanilla which smells like a spa day an
unscented one which is super neutral and
then also a lavender and Rose one which
is my absolute favorite one because it
just smells like an amazing summer day
SAP's that you love using that one
applying it once in a morning will last
you for the entire day and the great
thing is that they are vegan and cruelty
free and they do not contain aluminum
carbon or sulfate so you get familiar
natural scents like for example coconut
oil they have so many amazing scents to
choose from that there is something for
everybody in there pretty deodorants are
normally $36 but if you use my link and
the code Alena H then you can get them
for $24 which is pretty 3% off thank you
so much to NATO for sponsoring this
video
I absolutely loved her deodorant and I
would highly highly recommend them
especially for people who have very dry
skin like myself because they are super
super hydrating but now let's get back
to my day so this was a day where I did
not have any Sam so on non exam
I don't actually do any revision because
at this point everything should already
be in my brain and honestly revising now
would just make me panic so instead I do
things I don't get to do on exam days so
today I really had to address my emails
I had over 50 unread ones I normally try
to keep this below 5 but on exam days I
just don't get checking my emails as
frequently for obvious reasons so yeah I
literally spend two hours just
responding to emails so yeah that really
had to get done but we succeeded and we
ended up with only four unread emails I
usually have a few unread ones because
they need to be addressed later but that
was a success and then it was time to
pack away my laptop and get off my iPad
because then it was time for my creation
of a cheat sheet but it's not really
cheating because we have open book exams
so what I do is I go over my revision
notes which I'm making good nodes and
from which I've studied and then I
basically quiz myself but it's not
really for the purpose of revision
anymore the point is more to figure out
if there are any little things that I
can't remember so for example a certain
number of the UN Security Council
resolution or a certain wording that I
need to remember things like that and I
just write them down on a little post-it
and I just keep these little post-its
with me on the exam day so that if I'm
writing a question on that particular
topic
I can just quickly refer to that and I
don't need to check all my notes which I
find really convenient and yet then it
was time to make myself some lunch so I
went upstairs and if you've watched my
channel for a while you know that I
cannot cook for the life of me so I just
quickly make myself something and yeah
this was basically pre-made you just
have to heat it up hum but it is really
really good if you live in Germany I
would recommend it and yeah that was my
lunch it was good
even though my mom hates it then I went
back downstairs and it was time to just
give myself some downtime because I try
to keep these non exam days more relaxed
in order to then keep my energy for the
exams so I picked up a book which I
haven't started reading yet and yes you
may realize there's a lot less books
under this desk then there used to be
this is what it looked like in my room
tour the reason for that is that I kind
of reward myself
by taking away the law books from the
exams that I have already finished it is
honestly quite satisfying but yet I just
didn't put them into the boxes under my
bed but now it's time to actually read
the book this is a fiction book I
honestly quite liked it so far I'm not
very far but it is written in a very
interesting style and you kind of try to
figure out where everything is going
yeah I really like the story so far if
you guys are interested in a book I'm
gonna link it in the info box below I
would recommend it it is a quite quick
read because the font is quite big but
it is good book and yet then I decided
to write a blog post for Elena makes
sense of law the reason I decided to do
that is because Elena makes sense of law
doesn't really talk about things that
are on my syllabus but the thing is it
still gives me the skill of essay
writing so I still prepare for my exam
in a way but without freaking myself out
by realizing in a revision process that
there is something that I can't recall
because that just makes me super nervous
before an exam so that took quite a
while because I have to do my research
etc but we ended up with a in my opinion
quite decent essay on consideration and
contention to create legal relations and
contracts and whether or not you should
really need both yes I think you should
meet both but opinions diverge and that
one I'm do link it in the info box below
for you guys if you guys are interested
but since a lot of time had passed by
the time I finished a post it was done
actually time to go to dinner so my mom
need us some noodles and a little bit of
salad and so we just sat down had a
little family dinner which was honestly
really really nice and yep that's my mom
right there and here's the salad my mom
always tries to tell me I should show
people that we also eat healthy because
I usually don't but yeah after that I
didn't sided to take up my makeup
because it was getting late so here's me
wearing absolutely no makeup and then it
was also time to get into my sweatpants
I only get into sweatpants when I'm
absolutely ready to just you know fall
to death because I really associate them
with bed and it makes me tired and then
I had to brush up my curls which always
makes them look absolutely crazy in my
opinion and then I braided them in
order to then get these curls the next
day as well and yeah then it was time
for my bed routine so I just quickly put
on my headphones and then I opened up
the column app column is an amazing app
which I absolutely love because it just
helps me sleep I'm someone who normally
lies awake for hours but they have sleep
stories and I know this sounds like it's
for kids but honestly these sleep
stories make me fall asleep in 15
minutes and that's all I'm asking for
this is not sponsored I just love them
and yeah then I just fall into bed with
my sleep story and that's the end of my
day thank you so much for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed it and if you
guys would like to check out native
please check out the link and you box
below thank you so much for watching
have a nice day
[Music]